Design/lessons learned

-	The project consists of a main section and a section related to unit tests.

	Main folder:
	HttpHeader, HttpSvr, HttpSvrEventArgs Classes which are related to the server, communication between server and client, and receiving data from the client with different HTTP verbs.
	The Program Class is where the main method is located, the server is run, and the connection with the IncomingHandler Class is established. In the IncomingHandler Class, a 
	connection is established with the database, and various functions implemented in the Controller folder are called using a switch on the Path.
	
	Controller folder:
	In this folder, various Classes are consisting of various methods that perform various operations (for example, creating a table, inserting data in the table, etc.) in 
	the database based on the data they receive from the relevant CURL command.
	
	Authentication folder:
	which is related to the validation of users.
	
	Models folder:
	In this folder, users and cards are defined and implemented.

	At first, I didn't understand the project very well and I didn't know where to start. That's why I started the wrong way and instead of implementing a server listening to 
	incoming clients, I started from Web API and lost a lot of time during the Christmas holidays because of this. Although I did not achieve significant success in this direction 
	either. Finally, after talking with one of my colleagues about that, I realized that I had to change my path. Although it was very late, I was able to implement a part 
	of the project in a short time. I have used part of the work I had already done. In this way, I learned the following:
	
	Learning how to work with Visual Studio and its different parts
	Different concepts related to C#
	Object-oriented programing 
	Unit tests
	Project structuring
	PostgreSQL Database
	Communicate with the database

	Another lesson I learned from this project was that I should have drawn an outline of the entire project from scratch before doing anything. Then I start from a point and advance 
	the project by doing small projects. But due to my inexperience, I was really confused at the beginning and I didn't know where to start or what to do.

unit test design

-	To implement unit tests, I decided to implement at least one unit test for almost all available methods. In this regard, more unit tests have been implemented for some methods 
	that are more complex so that more cases can be examined and tested.
	
time spent

-	I spent a lot of time on this project. About seven days during the Christmas holidays and about four days after the holidays in total. I have been working on this project for
 	an average of eight hours every day. In total, I have spent more than 90 hours on this project.

link to git

-	https://github.com/jedia18/MTCG